'\" t
.TH "LCOVIZ" "1"
.nh
.ad l
.ss \n[.ss] 0
.SH "NAME"
lcoviz \- visualize LCOV coverage data
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBlcoviz\fR [\fIcommand\fR] [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This tool is used to visualize LCOV coverage data. It can be used 
to generate a html or text reports
.SH "COMMANDS"
.TP
\fBreport\fR
Generate a report from the LCOV data
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Display help information
.TP
\fBto-file [\fIfile_path\fR]\fR
Save the command line options to a toml file for later use
.TP
\fBfrom-file [\fIfile_path\fR]\fR
Load the command line options from a toml file

.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Common options"
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Display help information for current command

.SS "report and to-file options"
.TP
\fB\-i, \-\-input \fI<lcov-file-path>\fR\fR
.TQ
\fB\-i, \-\-input \fI<report-name>\fR \fI<lcov-file-path>\fR\fR
.TQ
\fB\-i, \-\-input \fI<report-name>\fR \fI<prefix>\fR \fI<lcov-file-path>\fR\fR
Add a LCOV file input. If one argument is provided, the prefix
will be derived from the longest common prefix of the tested 
files in the LCOV report, and name will be the last component of
the prefix. If two arguments are provided, the prefix will still
be derived, bu the name will be the first argument. If three 
arguments are provided, the prefix will be the second argument. 
This prefix shall still be common to all files in the LCOV report.
This option may allow you to show in the visualization folders 
that otherwise would be hidden by the common prefix.

.TP 
\fB\-o, \-\-output \fI<output-path>\fR\fR
Set the output path for the report. The output shall be 
a directory. If it does not exists it will be created. 
If it exists, it will be overwritten.

.TP
\fB\-n, \-\-name \fI<name>\fR\fR
Set the name of the report. This name will be used as a 
title for the visualization

.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-reporter \fI<reporter>\fR\fR
Set the reporter to be used. The default is html.
See the \fBreporter\fR section for more information.

.SH "REPORTERS"
The following reporters are available:

.TP
\fBhtml-full-light\fR
.TQ
\fBhtml-full\fR
.TQ
\fBhtml\fR
The default multi-page reporter, light theme. It will generate
one html page for each file, module, and an index page.

.TP
\fBtext-summary\fR
A text reporter that will generate a summary of the coverage,
only giving aggregated coverage for each module, file and for the 
whole report.

.SH
.SH "EXAMPLES"

.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 1.\h'+01'Generate a report from 3 lcov files with different level of customization:
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
lcoviz report
    --name 'Coverage report for my 3 projects'
    --reporter html
    --input ./project_1.lcov
    --input MyProject ./project_2.lcov
    --input AnotherProject /with/some/custom/prefix/ project_3.lcov
    --output ./coverage_report
.fi
.RE
.RE

.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 2.\h'+01'Save command from example 1 to a file:
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
lcoviz to-file config.toml
    --name 'Coverage report for my 3 projects'
    --reporter html
    --input ./project_1.lcov
    --input MyProject ./project_2.lcov
    --input AnotherProject /with/some/custom/prefix/ project_3.lcov
    --output ./coverage_report
.fi
.RE
.RE

.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 3.\h'+01'Generate report using config from example 2
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
lcoviz from-file config.toml
.fi
.RE
.RE
